Fix cumulative_sum (#65)
Quantco/ndonnx: CHANGELOG.rst

**Bug fixes**

- Various operations that depend on the array's shape have been updated to work correctly with lazy arrays.

> - Fixes :func:`~ndonnx.cumulative_sum` to correctly apply the ``include_initial`` parameter and workaround missing ORT kernels for unsigned integral types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :func:`~ndonnx.cumulative_sum` now correctly applies the ``include_initial`` parameter and works around missing onnxruntime kernels for unsigned integral types.
```
